Enable loading of concepts from disk (#1102)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🧬 The query language now comes with support for concepts, the first part of
>   taxonomies. Concepts is a mechanism to abstracts from the various naming
>   schemes of each individual data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🧬 The query language now comes with support for *concepts*, the first part of
  taxonomies. Concepts is a mechanism to unify the various naming
  schemes of different data formats into a single, coherent nomenclature.
```
